an apple a day keeps the doctor away but
if the Apple in question is an iPad then
it may mean the doctor gets to you
faster and spends more time with you NBC
5 News Sita Kwon reports in a program at
the University of Chicago Medical Center
that's among the first in the nation
read a book
organize photos play a game it's the
latest hot electronic accessory worn for
doctors and training at the University
of Chicago one of the first medical
centers in the nation to issue an iPad
to more than a hundred residents I can
show you right here it means with just a
few tabs patient Darryl Reeves sees for
himself what's going on the latest
details of his hospital stay instantly
available to everyone who takes care of
him you can access the full electronic
medical record and when the iPad
experiment started last fall
dr. Nancy Lu was so hopeful and so I
wrote Steve Jobs an email telling him
that we were doing this at our program
the next day an Apple executive was at
the hospital helping to brainstorm ways
the iPad can be adapted to a medical
setting for example we're looking for
portable ways to carry our iPads without
having to carry it in our hand so that
they not only just hear your words and
the interpretation of what's going on
but they actually see it and while an
apple a day may keep the doctor away
doctors here say an apple per resident
has cut down on paperwork
that sometimes consumes more than half
their time and given them the freedom to
stay at the patient's bedside especially
in critical situations having that your
fingertips really as a way to provide
the most minutes minute care which our
patients require over there for security
reasons there are layers of password
protection on each iPad and a GPS
tracking system allows the device to be
wiped clean if necessary another
innovation they came up with a way to
make sure the iPads had covers that were
sterile coming up on Monday